hi amir khan vs a lot to do some
fighters cancer because Lamont Peterson
is a big jump hey let's go now this fool
took two samples back in March 19 right
ok sample in the sample B I told I won't
make no comment since I got all the
information I need now this cool they
take a backup sample course he failed
the first test they call it in form of
the very next day on the third 10 he
felt on april 2 12 they called him April
13 and the food his team answer light
instead of saying oh okay well you know
I took some testosterone pills back a
couple of times ago from such-and-such
the test fails they acted like they
don't know what's going on it could be
under a floor to test so it was like
whoa we want us to go ahead the sample
beat I can't hear ya ya ya run that
something feat still never convert that
evidence even when a hand here even took
something when they were like is there
anything that's gonna all know we don't
know what that could be once test be
fail all made a second oh not a note oh
yeah
yeah it's probably that stuff i took i
forgot about that i'll become old man
it's a daughter pony show what are you
doing you wrote it yourself I mean and
now the fights over but the thing is now
your lawyer is making all these comments
you see what I'm saying the lawyers
making all these statements you know why
do not make any statement if somebody
came out i'll be your personal be like
oh look this is what happened you got
your lawyers don't you know when people
do that with a lawyers and make them
look guilty you know so you look at
guilty right now i don't know if that
really matters to you but you're looking
guilty right now you're probably looking
at anything it's like though you guilty
you like you were trying to hide it you
move you was trying to hide all i can
say in the words of Fred Sanford we're
red fox will say to you right now and
I'm gonna have to let him go